c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.exe
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.pdb
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.exe
c:\users\flugan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.pdb
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.exe
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.pdb
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\spriteSheet.xnb
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.exe
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.pdb
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Flugan\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\spriteSheet.xnb
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.exe
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.pdb
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.exe
C:\Users\User\FysikLabbar\FysikLabb0\FysikLabb0\obj\x86\Debug\FysikLabb0.pdb
